

1. find out total number of characters from a given string
2. find out wether given  string is an empty or not?
3. find out which is smallest string between 2 given strings?
4. find out which is longest string between 2 given strings?
5. print yes if any one string is an empty between two given strings 
   otherwise no
6. print yes if first one is longer than 2nd one between two given strings 
   otherwise no
7. print no if first one is shorter than 2nd one between two given strings 
   otherwise yes
8. print equal if two given strings are equal in the number of characters 
   otherwise not equal
9. print the difference in the number of characters in the two given strings?
10. read first and last characters from a given string?
11. read 2nd and last but one characters from a given string?
12. read middle character from a given string?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
13. read middle two characters from a given string?
	(assume total number of characters are odd)
14. read all the characters one by one from a given string?
15. read all the characters in the reverse order one by one from a given string?
16. read all the first half characters from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
17. read all the 2nd half character from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
18. read all the first half characters in the reverse order from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
19. read all the 2nd half characters in the reverse order 
	from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
20. read all the alternative characters from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
21. read all the alternative characters in the reverse order 
	from a given string one by one?
	(assume total number of characters are even)
22. read all the upper case alphabets from a given string?
23. read all the lower case alphabets from a given string?
24. read all the the digits from a given string?
25. read all the the spl characters from a given string?
26. read all the the vowels from a given string?
27. read all the the consonants from a given string?
28. read all the occurances of a specfied character from a given string?
29. find out how many times specfied character available in a given string?
30. find out how many times specfied character available in 
    the first half and in  the 2nd half in a given string?









